Handle select multiple field in types for value() (#15591)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/beige-cameras-hide.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> Use array type for value of multiple select fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: use the array type for select fields that accept multiple values
```
